# STAT_587_2020_fall_Assignment_1
## problem
4. Environmental Voting of Democrats and Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives. Each year, the League of Conservation Voters (LCV) identifies legislative votes taken in each house of the U.S. Congress - votes that are highly influential in establishing policy and action on environmental problems. The LCV then publishes whether each member of Congress cast a pro-environment or anti-environment vote. The data set contains these votes during the years 2005, 2006, and 2007 for members of the House of Representatives. Evaluate the evidence supporting party differences in the percentage of pre-environment votes. Write a brief report of your conclusions, including appropriate graphical display(s) and summary statistics.” 
The data are in [votes.txt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kakashi-sensei/STAT_587_2020_fall_Assignment_1/master/votes.txt). The data file includes more variables than you need. PctPro is the percent of Proenvironment votes. Note: Your conclusions should be based only graphical and descriptive analyses. I do not want any significance tests or confidence intervals. 
I expect your summary will be one or at most two paragraphs. You should include the method(s) you used, your conclusions, appropriate summary statistics, and appropriate graphics. We do not want a ’statistics dump’ where you use and report on every possible method. The key word in the second sentence is appropriate. There may be more than one appropriate method. Choose what you feel is the most appropriate. We will deduct points for an excessive dump.
## solvent
*  Working code is in the file of [Assignment_1.Rmd](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kakashi-sensei/STAT_587_2020_fall_Assignment_1/master/Assignment_1.Rmd)
*  graphical result is the file of [5.pdf](https://github.com/Kakashi-sensei/STAT_587_2020_fall_Assignment_1/blob/master/5.pdf). The X axis is the persent of Proenvironment votes, with Y axis being population density.
